Note on runtime and secret file (#2023)
Scalingo/documentation: src/_posts/platform/app/2000-01-01-secret-file-in-app.md

Commit both files and deploy your application. Your application has now access
to your secret file in `/app/private.pem`!

> As a note, the Procfile being executed at runtime, in this case the `web` runtime, the `/app/private.pem` file would not be visible in a one-off. As a one-off being a copy of the deployable environnement, but without what a web runtime execution would add.

Reviewer: suggestion: I understand what you mean but I don't find the paragraph easily readable. 
```suggestion
Note that the file `/app/private.pem` is not available in a one-off container. This solution makes it available when booting the `web` container. Hence the file is only available in `web` containers and not one-off containers.
```
